README.md, before:

# owf-learn-qgis #

This repository contains the [Open Water Foundation (OWF)](http://openwaterfoundation.org/) QGIS training materials,
which provides guidance for using the [Quantum GIS (QGIS)](http://www.qgis.org/en/site/) open source Geographic Information System (GIS) software.
The documentation is written for the layperson in order to encourage use of QGIS.

See the deployed [OWF / Learn QGIS](http://learn.openwaterfoundation.org/owf-learn-qgis/) documentation.

## Repository Contents ##

The repository contains the following:

```text
.github/              (Files specific to GitHub such as issue template)
.gitattributes        (Typical Git configuration file)
.gitignore            (Typical Git configuration file)
README.md             (This file)
build-util/           (Useful scripts to view, build, and deploy documentation)
mkdocs-project/       (Typical MkDocs project for this documentation)
  mkdocs.yml          (MkDocs configuration file for website)
  docs/               (Folder containing source Markdown and other files for website)
  site/               (Folder created by MkDocs containing the static website - ignored using .gitignore)

```

## Development Environment ##

The development environment for contributing to this project requires installation of Python, MkDocs, and Material MkDocs theme.
Python 2 has been used for development.  See the [OWF / Learn MkDocs](http://learn.openwaterfoundation.org/owf-learn-mkdocs/)
documentation for more information about MkDocs.

## Editing and Viewing Content ##

If the development environment is properly configured, edit and view content as follows:

1. Edit content in the `mkdocs-project/docs` folder and update `mkdocs-project/mkdocs.yml` as appropriate.
2. Run the `build-util/run-mkdocs-serve-8000.sh` script (Linux) or equivalent.
3. View content in a web browser using URL `http://localhost:8000`.

## License ##

The OWF Learn QGIS website content and examples are licensed under the
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0).

## Contributing ##

Contribute to the documentation as follows:

1. Use GitHub repository issues to report minor issues.
2. Use GitHub pull requests.

## Maintainers ##

This repository is maintained by the [Open Water Foundation](http://openwaterfoundation.org/).

## Contributors ##

Steve Malers, Open Water Foundation (@smalers)

## Release Notes ##

The following release notes indicate the update history for documentation, with GitHub repository issue indicated,
if applicable (links to issues via README.md are not cleanly supported by GitHub so use the repository issues page to find).

* 2017-10-21 [1] - switch to Material theme, update documentation based on experience.
* 2017-12-28 - initial version.

Commit message:

Update README.md and clean up documentation as initial version for GRAD 592

README.md, after:

# owf-learn-tstool #

This repository contains the [Open Water Foundation (OWF)](http://openwaterfoundation.org/) TSTool training materials,
which provides guidance for using the TSTool time series processing software.
The documentation is written for the layperson in order to encourage use of TSTool.

See the deployed [OWF / Learn TSTool](http://learn.openwaterfoundation.org/owf-learn-tstool/) documentation.

## Repository Contents ##

The repository contains the following:

```text
.github/              (Files specific to GitHub such as issue template)
.gitattributes        (Typical Git configuration file)
.gitignore            (Typical Git configuration file)
README.md             (This file)
build-util/           (Useful scripts to view, build, and deploy documentation)
mkdocs-project/       (Typical MkDocs project for this documentation)
  mkdocs.yml          (MkDocs configuration file for website)
  docs/               (Folder containing source Markdown and other files for website)
  site/               (Folder created by MkDocs containing the static website - ignored using .gitignore)

```

## Development Environment ##

The development environment for contributing to this project requires installation of Python, MkDocs, and Material MkDocs theme.
Python 2 has been used for development.  See the [OWF / Learn MkDocs](http://learn.openwaterfoundation.org/owf-learn-mkdocs/)
documentation for more information about MkDocs.

The TSTool software must be installed in order to run examples.
See the [Open Water Foundation TSTool page](http://openwaterfoundation.org/software-tools/tstool).

## Editing and Viewing Content ##

If the development environment is properly configured, edit and view content as follows:

1. Edit content in the `mkdocs-project/docs` folder and update `mkdocs-project/mkdocs.yml` as appropriate.
2. Run the `build-util/run-mkdocs-serve-8000.sh` script (Cygwin/Linux) or equivalent.
3. View content in a web browser using URL `http://localhost:8000`.

## License ##

The OWF Learn TSTool website content and examples are licensed under the
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0).

## Contributing ##

Contribute to the documentation as follows:

1. Use GitHub repository issues to report minor issues.
2. Use GitHub pull requests.

## Maintainers ##

This repository is maintained by the [Open Water Foundation](http://openwaterfoundation.org/).

## Contributors ##

Steve Malers, Open Water Foundation (@smalers)

## Release Notes ##

The following release notes indicate the update history for documentation, with GitHub repository issue indicated,
if applicable (links to issues via README.md are not cleanly supported by GitHub so use the repository issues page to find).

* 2017-10-30 - initial version.
